Now that you've laid out all of your tectonic plates you should have them broken up into individual
folders so we have our ailin folder our floating island folder number one and our floating island number
to the next step is to fill in all the empty spaces that we have within our islands.
So starting with our island folder it's had a new layer.
And let's put this layer behind the island.
Now using our original purple We are going to fill in all the empty spaces
and now we'll just go ahead and do that for all of our islands
.
OK.
Now we can go ahead and merge both those layers
and we'll do the same for our island.
Now now what we'll do is we will hold down control and click our layer and that will select everything
on that layer.
Now what we want to do is add a new layer above that using our brush tool with a soft edge.
We are going to use our purple to fade out our light pink color.
So
all right that's good.
The bottom of our floating islands all have the same shape.
So we want to fix that by using our Lasso tool.
It's come to our floating island one and we will just cut out of the bottoms of our tectonic plates
by deleting them
and that will just change the bottom of the tectonic plates a bit
.
It's come to our other tectonic plate or other floating island
Lastly we will add a transparent coat of this pink color over all of our islands.
So we'll start with our first island.
And while we're here let's merge these two layers.
So we'll select our island then we'll add a new layer and using our fill tool.
We're going to fill it with our original Pink
unselect out of that.
And let's do that for all of our islands.
Add a new layer above it and then go ahead and fill
it one more time.
The new layer.
All right.
Now what we'll do is we're going to bring the opacity down on all of these pink colors.
So holding down control or command on a Mac select those pink layers and then bring their opacity down
.
We're going to bring their opacity down to a bow
40 percent right about there is good.
And now we have the base for all of our islands.